# Driving-Business-Performance-With-Digital-Marketing-Strategy-and-Data-Analysis-Presentation
This repository contains the final project presentation for the Think Tank project. This project was completed as a part of the marketing analytics bootcamp at WBS coding school.  The goal was to address the issue of empty classrooms at Think Tank Academy by creating a booking platform for modern office spaces. The project aimed to achieve a 20-30% increase in online revenue within 6 months to a year. The presentation covers the project's story, website implementation, customer journey analysis, and key recommendations for revenue enhancement. It also emphasizes leveraging Instagram as the primary social media channel and suggests a social media newsletter strategy using tools like MailChimp or Hubspot. Explore the presentation to understand the project's objectives, strategies, and outcomes.
Here is the link for the online version: https://www.canva.com/design/DAFfyPEQk3g/OJRMMeGmzJObOYf1RGUoYQ/edit?utm_content=DAFfyPEQk3g&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link2&utm_source=sharebutton
In the folder Final Project Implementation Documents you can find the buyer persona´s, customer journey maps ( B2B and B2C), MarTech Landscape, Tracking plan, hypotheses for A/B testing  and business questions we developed for Think Tank our final project in Marketing Analytics Bootcamp at WBS coding school. 
Here is the link to the online document: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1jexuxfC1AAb0-uxpz1okqJdiK1rM2NJmDdCTSqIFeTg/edit?usp=sharing
